I got the message.
The Western army is in a few days
Lead the army to invade our country Beijing
Please be sure to take precautions
Never let the Western army
Invade my Daxia territory
Thank you. I'll leave for Beijing soon.
Birth brother
When I come back, I will give you a peaceful and stable life
I will wait for your return with the child.
You have to be careful in the dining hall.
Brother Zhu Chen, look at our children
Miss you so much
I think I still look like my mother
Zhu Chen Xiaoxue
Wait for me.
Sister, have you thought of your son's name?
Enjian Long Shuai Long Shuai Mrs.
I'm not Long Shuai anymore
From today onwards
I have only one identity
That is Xiaoxue's husband
Come on. Let's go over there